c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\AplombTech.DWasa.Web.dll.config
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\AplombTech.DWasa.Web.dll
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\AplombTech.DWasa.Web.pdb
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\AplombTech.DWasa.MQTT.Client.dll
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\M2Mqtt.Net.dll
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\AplombTech.DWasa.Model.dll
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\AplombTech.DWasa.Json.dll
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Repository.Pattern.Ef6.dll
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Repository.Pattern.dll
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\AplombTech.DWasa.Service.dll
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\LinqKit.dll
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\AplombTech.DWasa.MQTT.Client.pdb
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\M2Mqtt.Net.pdb
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\AplombTech.DWasa.Model.pdb
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\AplombTech.DWasa.Json.pdb
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Repository.Pattern.Ef6.pdb
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Repository.Pattern.pdb
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\AplombTech.DWasa.Service.pdb
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\obj\Debug\AplombTech.DWasa.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\obj\Debug\AplombTech.DWasa.Web.dll
c:\users\apl-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\obj\Debug\AplombTech.DWasa.Web.pdb
C:\Users\APL-40\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Jmelosegui.Mvc.GoogleMap.dll
C:\Users\APL-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\AplombTech.DWasa.Logging.dll
C:\Users\APL-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Elmah.dll
C:\Users\APL-40\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AplombTech.DWasa\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\AplombTech.DWasa.Logging.pdb
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\AplombTech.DWasa.Web.dll.config
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\AplombTech.DWasa.Web.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\AplombTech.DWasa.Web.pdb
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\AplombTech.DWasa.Entity.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\AplombTech.DWasa.Json.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\AplombTech.DWasa.Model.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\AplombTech.DWasa.MQTT.Client.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\AplombTech.DWasa.Service.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Mvc.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Owin.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Repository.Pattern.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Repository.Pattern.Ef6.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\M2Mqtt.Net.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\AplombTech.DWasa.Logging.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\AutoMapper.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\LinqKit.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Elmah.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\System.Data.SqlServerCe.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\AplombTech.DWasa.Entity.pdb
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\AplombTech.DWasa.Json.pdb
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\AplombTech.DWasa.Model.pdb
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\AplombTech.DWasa.MQTT.Client.pdb
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\AplombTech.DWasa.Service.pdb
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Repository.Pattern.Ef6.pdb
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Repository.Pattern.pdb
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Mvc.xml
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.xml
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\M2Mqtt.Net.pdb
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\AplombTech.DWasa.Logging.pdb
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\bin\AutoMapper.xml
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\obj\Debug\AplombTech.DWasa.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\obj\Debug\AplombTech.DWasa.Web.dll
E:\MHossain\Source\DotNet\DhakaWasa\DWasaProject\AplombTech.DWasa.Web\obj\Debug\AplombTech.DWasa.Web.pdb
